README.md, before:

# virustotal-api

[![https://nodei.co/npm/virustotal-api.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true](https://nodei.co/npm/virustotal-api.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/virustotal-api)

[Virustotal API v2.0](https://developers.virustotal.com/v2.0/reference) wrapper class

## Install

```shell
npm i virustotal-api
```

## Example

```javascript
const fs = require('fs')
const VirusTotalApi = require('virustotal-api')
const virusTotal = new VirusTotalApi('<YOUR API KEY>')

fs.readFile(__filename, (err, data) => {
  if (err) {
    console.log(`Cannot read file. ${err}`)
  } else {
    virusTotal.fileScan(data, 'file.js')
    .then((response) => {
      let resource = response.resource
      // sometime later try:
      virusTotal.fileReport(resource)
        .then((result) => {
          console.log(result)
        })
    })
    .catch(err => console.log(`Scan failed. ${err}`))
  }
})
```

For more info please refer to [documentation](./docs/virus-total.md)

## Changes

### Version 1.0.5

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities.

### Version 1.0.4

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities (js-yaml).

### Version 1.0.3

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities (lodash).

### Version 1.0.2

- Documentation updated to include error handling.
- Validating buffer size in `fileScan` in case anti-malware blocks access to file.

### Version 1.0.1

Documentation update on `urlReport`

### Version 1.0.0

Initial release

Commit message:

passing http client options v1.1.0 :doughnut:

README.md, after:

# virustotal-api

[![https://nodei.co/npm/virustotal-api.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true](https://nodei.co/npm/virustotal-api.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/virustotal-api)

[Virustotal API v2.0](https://developers.virustotal.com/v2.0/reference) wrapper class

## Install

```shell
npm i virustotal-api
```

## Example

```javascript
const fs = require('fs')
const VirusTotalApi = require('virustotal-api')
const virusTotal = new VirusTotalApi('<YOUR API KEY>')

fs.readFile(__filename, (err, data) => {
  if (err) {
    console.log(`Cannot read file. ${err}`)
  } else {
    virusTotal.fileScan(data, 'file.js')
    .then((response) => {
      let resource = response.resource
      // sometime later try:
      virusTotal.fileReport(resource)
        .then((result) => {
          console.log(result)
        })
    })
    .catch(err => console.log(`Scan failed. ${err}`))
  }
})
```

For more info please refer to [documentation](./docs/virus-total.md)

## Changes

### Version 1.1.0

- Passing `options` to web client ([needle](https://www.npmjs.com/package/needle)). Thanks to @thepocp.

### Version 1.0.5

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities.

### Version 1.0.4

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities (js-yaml).

### Version 1.0.3

- Dependency update to fix security vulnerabilities (lodash).

### Version 1.0.2

- Documentation updated to include error handling.
- Validating buffer size in `fileScan` in case anti-malware blocks access to file.

### Version 1.0.1

Documentation update on `urlReport`

### Version 1.0.0

Initial release
